ok so you started getting some real
hands and practical all experience with
this is not something that was like the
pickup artist or you're just trying to
see if you can get a girl you know think
the context
job people who are ostensibly what
you're looking to do is is to actually
help these people you know is not a game
you when it gets and so then how did
things start to change it in your life
you know professionally as you gain more
experience is your studying more aware
of like when you're being manipulated in
and how to deal with confrontations
one of the first things particularly out
with my Korea in corrections was that
when you start asserting itself we start
standing up for what you believe those
rights and stuffing willing to take
risks of people disapproving you are
what you start seeing yourself a message
there what you believe that is good for
you believe in his day you ok so you
start building out self acceptance which
is a huge factor in confidence and so
what's happening is little things like
I'm at a team meeting or I'm at a
meeting with some high-ranking people I
would speak my mind in a situation where
many people would feel you know all risk
my job if I say the truth I want and
what I learned is particularly in that
example is the people who are really
high up they really value that is so
hard to find somebody who will give it
to them straight because Iran's just
trying to like manipulated in order to
serve their Korea as I have someone
actually risked their careers to tell
the truth as something that they can
trust deeply and they they had a high
level like executive levels
very hard to trust so I started
realizing that the more honest I was the
more kind of unbreakable my reputation
became so no matter what even if I
really piss people off there was a lie
well that's what that's day and that's
what you get with Dan and this kind of
acceptance of of you being that way we
can kind of get away with murder in a
few examples like I'm not a huge fan of
this Russell Brand is an example I use a
lot and I don't agree with a lot of
stuff he says but he is a fantastic
example of shamelessness so he will he
will go to you know talk show and I'll
head on everyone in the house to hit or
whatever females within like 30 meters
over your head on the cameramen and
because he's always like that it's raw
so you know somebody who's never be like
that suddenly started doing its weird
and so when I started realizing as
always I was really consistently
demonstrating honesty people just kind
of learned to accept and this is what
allowed me to build up the confidence to
start asking for promotions to start
becoming like an advocate for for people
who don't have a voice and things like
that and that really serve my career
laws eventually it became like well
who's the guy we can rely on to give it
to us straight and that became like a
key factor for a lot of people deciding
whether or not to promote me and yes oh
so all of this was started with a
telling off some guy who had broken his
parole conditions that started off the
year ends I think one of the key things
are realized is around shamelessness so
shame is owned by my definition
attaching the concept of wrong to
something which is true that you so you
take something that you know as you
anything goes wrong or bad for that
thing to be to be true
shamelessness is about only everything
that's true about you you don't have to
like it you don't have to enjoy it but
you make sure that it's yours
try to hide it you don't moderated or
make it look pretty just give its people
like this is me every time you do that
you're seeing yourself a message that
you're good enough time you don't do
that you see yourself missus that you're
not good enough so I think of it in
terms of just almost every time I'm
honest in my expression the message I
see myself as I'm good enough away every
time I'm dishonest missus I see myself
is this part of me is not good enough to
hide it and this is really I think this
is the underlying defect at all
confidence is one of the messages you're
standing itself secretly under the
messages so when you like oh I can say
that in front of them because you know
they're my boss what you're really
saying is I'm not good enough at all
you're saying and so when some you know
when I started looking at I realized I
was doing this site all day every day
just tell myself I'm not good enough
through being dishonest through hiding
the truth about myself so when I start
changing that causes some very
uncomfortable situations I go through
but I started to feel that self-worth
rise just a you know what
yeah that's out there now so it must be
good enough and so you didn't see you
got more leadership positions with the
parole system there but that's not what
you're doing any more because what
you're doing now I was your coaching
all-time in this created what led you to
decide that you wanted to get out of the
system
well i wud at this stage on my book us
20 time with corrections and read my
book and I realized I wanted to start
doing this in person so I started
coaching these two girls fantastic woman
on the side and I think so I'm going
like 70 hour weeks now sort of coaching
the rioting during my normal full time
job which is pretty demanding
and i'd study is so much coaching those
girls they were transforming their life
right in front of me even though they
haven't paid a scene you know they don't
need to pay Tobias and and I was asking
so much out of there and yet
corrections as increasingly feel
restricted by the bureaucracy of a
government agency said the things I
could see you like this is different the
right thing to do but as always barriers
to me actually doing it and so would hit
the limit of how much I could live by my
values within their job before I just
don't feel like other external factors
were forcing me to sacrifice my values
like I just couldn't have the freedom
the autonomy that I needed a new with
coaching I did and so eventually through
receiving coaching I developed enough
courage to make the leap into full-time
coaching right so let's start talking
about the app now in something to keep
in mind is that we've been talking about
specifics in dan situation in his life
idea of being the nice guy or the pickup
artist or what he was doing his job with
corrections but if you step back and
take a look at this little bit you can
see about how there's teams that apply
to you you know other people's lives
other context and whether you're doing
the digital product online or you're on
you to me or other business that you
looking to start a lot of the things
that we are already talked about do high
into a much bigger picture in so right
now we're starting at just two more that
kind of the specific ways that these
tight in August too much just the things
that dance talking about because now
they are talking about so you should
have a much
closer ties to you know everybody who's
taking a look at this rate know so dance
coach he's gonna make that leap in go
into coaching full-time it mentioned he
was doing some coaching on the side and
he hadn't been in the lead to do so in
things like a victim mentality you
mentioned things about taking
responsibility for yourself
pulling some of those pieces together
here is almost 20 minutes till the hour
I do want to give a chance to open the
seeds for people at some point of the
onus is on you get a chance to get free
coaching hear from Dan some lightning
coach so when you were here how you
approach things you know your mindset
about 80 take responsibility for
yourself being authentic in it together
some of the things that we've been
talking about previously in yes I mean
finding the courage to make the leap I
mean I had at that point I had started
getting some paying clients but nowhere
near enough to be sure that I could do
this so the decision you know ages it
was about me thinking how do I do it but
this is why why should I do it and you
know simon Sinek the thought leader on
leadership he's a great guy to look up
on TV and stuff like that but this kind
of thing but you know what he's saying
is it's all about the Y and that's where
authenticity comes in all the enthusiasm
how what that's why that's the reason
the motive behind your behavior the
value driven motive and so became
terms of everything I do and business
it's always why am I doing this what is
the reason for its rather than how
should I do it or what should I do
and this is who I think we talked about
this a little while ago
you know there's let's say you know me
courses they're yummy courses where so
obviously the person's life passion
comes through areas so kept at bay in to
watch them talk about it and to be part
of the course because you're like man
this person loves this shit like this is
they made this course because it was the
right thing to do not because they're
just trying to squeeze some money idea
was like there's a big difference like
we all have a different purpose of
reason and there's some of their just
like a so what's selling right now I'll
do a course on that and they don't care
about the content that I care about the
quality of care about the experience
that the user has just like how do I
squeeze money out some wallets and you
know in the longer term that's that's
doing that approach because eventually
there's just there's no passion of
there's not enough of their motivation
to keep going you don't feel it doesn't
have enough to wanted to i mean the
reason I do what I do is because it
hurts me to see a nice guys and people
please cause I feel their pain watching
among going sucks being that way and
destroying my drives me and this is the
underlying factor to all of this when we
talk about what's interesting is the
reason you're doing it so compelling to
you that you diet you have to try and
get it done you'll spend the rest of
your life trying to make it happen
because it's so important I kind of got
a little out of track about the question
I think but this is really what's been
underlying at least all the best moves
are made of business now
underlying all the worst moves of main
business is the house on the water so
soon as I get stuck on how sure how can
I make more money that's when I start
going off track when I get stuck on
what's the right way to do this that's
when I start getting off track that's
what I stopped making sure to the air
base decisions I made a bunch of those
this year
I sent an email out to my community how
i fucked up 2015
got lost I got I got off track and I got
lost in the house and the what and I
magnin short-term decisions which have
long-term consequences but we know that
when I whenever I make his passion base
decisions they caught up in painful in
the short term there's some discomfort
I'll have to face but the long-term so
much more rewarding like the discomfort
of having to invest in and making a
yummy course you know that kind of time
and energy and the fear of people seeing
your ideas and knowing the real you that
that they'd have somebody go through the
course again holy shit this is changed
the way I do everything that's the
reward you get you know like I said I
lost track of the question completely
but really getting in touch with why